LOUSY SCRUBS.
IT'S ALL THEIR FAULT.
DR. CROWLER,
BASTION, JADEN.
HEY, CHAZZ!
COME ON, LET'S GO
GET YOUR GAME ON!
QUIET!
I'M GONNA WIPE THAT UGLY
GRIN RIGHT OFF YOUR FACE!
HEY, TAKE
YOUR BEST SHOT!
IF ONLY I COULD.
JUST ONE MORE DUEL.
THAT'S ALL I WANT!
REALLY?! THAT'S
ALL YOU WANT?
I'D WANT NOT
TO BE STRANDED!
[CACKLING]
STRANDED?
I'M NOT STRANDED!
I'M PERFECTLY FINE!
A LITTLE THIRSTY
MAYBE.
YA KNOW WHAT I'M
THIRSTY FOR?
ANOTHER DUEL
WHERE I BEAT YOU!
I'M DOWNRIGHT
PARCHED FOR IT!
DUEL THIS!
OH, NO!
AAH!
I'LL GET YOU
FOR THIS, SLACKER!
I'LL GET YOU!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
YOUR CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
HEY! HEY, BOSS!
RISE AND SHINE!
UP AND AT 'EM!
HELLO?!
[GIGGLING]
COME ON! WAKE UP!
ALL RIGHT, GUESS
I'LL HAVE TO DO
MY WAKE UP DANCE!
OH, NO!
GOOD MORNING,
YOUNG DUELIST.
WHAT'S GOIN' ON?
OR BETTER YET
WHAT ARE YOU?
[CHUCKLES]
I'M THE PERSON
THAT SAVED YOUR LIFE.
AND FOR NOW, THAT'S
ALL YOU NEED TO KNOW.
HEY, WAIT A SECOND!
THOSE ARE MY CARDS!
HAND 'EM OVER!
OH, CERTAINLY,
HOW VERY RUDE OF ME.
HERE YOU ARE. WHOOPSIE.
YOU JERK!
RELAX. THAT CARD MORE
THAN MAKES UP FOR IT.
YEAH, WELL IT BETTER!
WHAT, SOME NO-NAME?
THIS STINKS!
STOP! THAT IS
THE CARD THAT WILL
CHANGE YOUR LIFE.
AW, GIVE ME A BREAK!
I'LL GIVE YOU
SOMETHING FAR BETTER,
ANOTHER CHANCE
TO BEAT JADEN.
HOW DO YOU
KNOW ABOUT HIM?
TELL ME!
YOU TALK
IN YOUR SLEEP.
AND FROM
WHAT YOU SAID,
IT SOUNDS LIKE
THIS JADEN BEAT YOU
BADLY IN A DUEL.
HE WAS JUST LUCKY,
THAT'S ALL.
LUCKY? DO YOU
OFTEN RUN AWAY
FROM JUST LUCK?
HE'S GOT YA THERE,
CHAZZ!
YOU MAY BE WEARIN' BLUE,
BUT YA TURNED YELLOW FAST!
THAT'S IT!
NO ONE CALLS
CHAZZ PRINCETON A COWARD!
TALK IS CHEAP,
YOUNG DUELIST.
THAT MAY BE,
BUT I'M RICH!
AND I'LL SPEND
WHATEVER IT TAKES TO BE
THE BEST OUT THERE!
[CHUCKLES]
THAT'S JUST
YOUR PROBLEM.
NO AMOUNT OF MONEY
CAN BUY YOU THAT.
YOU MUST EARN IT
IF YOU CAN.
AND THAT IS
PRECISELY WHAT WE'RE
GOING TO FIND OUT.
GOOD LUCK,
YOUNG DUELIST!
REMEMBER TO HOLD
YOUR NOSE!
[SCREAMING]
AAH!
CRAZY KOOK.
MY ATTORNEY WILL BE
IN TOUCH WITH YOU.
OH, WELL, AT LEAST
I'M BACK IN CIVILIZATION.
WELL, KIND OF.
THIS PLACE IS
LOW-RENT.
NO PROBLEM, ONE CALL,
AND I'M OUT OF HERE.
THE ONLY QUESTION IS,
SHOULD I HAVE THEM SEND
THE PLANE OR THE CHOPPER?
NOT A BAD SPREAD.
OF COURSE, MY PAD IS BIGGER.
OPEN UP!
LET'S GO!
IS THERE ANYBODY
HOME? HELLO?!
OH, THEY'RE HOME,
BUT YOU'LL NEED FORTY CARDS
FOR THEM TO LET YOU IN.
I'M AFRAID THAT'S JUST
THE WAY IT WORKS HERE
AT NORTH ACADEMY.
NORTH ACADEMY.
SO, THIS IS
THE SCHOOL
THAT'S DUEL ACADEMY'S
ARCHRIVAL, THEN.
THAT'S RIGHT.
HERE. TAKE A SEAT
WITH ME, FRIEND.
I COULD USE SOME COMPANY.
AFTER ALL,
I'VE BEEN HERE
FOR A LONG WHILE.
HOW IT WORKS IS
THERE'S CARDS HIDDEN
ALL AROUND--
IN GLACIAL CREVASSES,
ON ICE CLIFFS.
IT'S KIND OF A TEST.
FIND FORTY
AND THEY'LL LET
YOU IN!
SO HOW MANY
DO YOU HAVE?
WELL, I'VE ACTUALLY
MANAGED TO FIND
39 CARDS,
BUT IT TOOK EVERY LAST BIT
OF ENERGY I HAD TO DO SO.
I'M TOO WORN OUT
TO LOOK FOR THE 40th.
GREAT. THEN
YOU DON'T NEED
THE OTHER 39.
HERE. I'LL BUY THEM
OFF YOU.
GO ON. TAKE IT.
NO!
BESIDES THIS FIRE
AND TATTERED COAT,
THESE ARE ALL I HAVE!
THEY'RE PRICELESS!
FINE. I'LL FIND
MY OWN!
GOOD LUCK, THEN,
YOUNG DUELIST!
IN THIS BARREN WASTELAND,
YOU'LL NEED IT.
I CAN'T BELIEVE I HAVE
TO FETCH 40 CARDS
JUST TO GET
NORTH ACADEMY TO OPEN
THEIR STINKING DOORS
FOR ME.
TALK ABOUT A SCHOOL
THAT'S HARD TO GET INTO.
I SEE YOU'VE BEEN
BUSY DOING NOTHING.
YOU'RE BACK!
DID YOU FIND THEM?!
DID YOU FIND 40 CARDS?!
OF COURSE!
WELL, CONGRATS, THEN.
I GUESS YOU'LL
BE MOVING ON
TO BETTER THINGS.
BUT DON'T WORRY ABOUT ME.
I'LL BE QUITE ALL RIGHT,
WELL, UNTIL THE WINTER
GETS HERE ANYWAY.
THE WINTER?
OH YES, THESE ARE
SUMMER MONTHS RIGHT NOW.
QUITE PLEASANT,
ACTUALLY.
AND THE FALL'S
NICE, TOO, ONLY
ABOUT 30 BELOW.
AFTER THAT, IT TENDS TO
GET A LITTLE BIT NIPPY.
UH-HUH...
BUT LISTEN TO ME!
I'M SURE YOU WANT
TO GET ON YOUR WAY.
OH, QUIT YOUR
WHINING ALREADY,
WOULD YOU, BALDY?
I LIED TO YOU.
I DIDN'T FIND
JUST 40 CARDS.
I FOUND 41,
AN EXTRA ONE SO YOU
COULD COME IN, TOO.
YOU MEAN I GET
TO ENTER? REALLY?
YEAH, YEAH, GET
OVER IT. NOW TAKE
YOUR STINKING CARD.
DON'T MAKE A BIG
DEAL ABOUT IT, OK?
YOU GONNA GIVE IT
TO ME OR NOT?
MY HAND.
I CAN'T LET GO.
YOU CAN'T
GIVE ME AWAY!
WE'RE PALS,
CHUMS, BEST
FRIENDS FOREVER.
YA KNOW, B.F.F.!
HUH? WE ARE NOT!
WHAT'S GOING ON?
DON'T YOU SEE IT?
SEE WHAT?
AW, BOSS, YOU'RE
THE ONLY ONE
THAT CAN SEE ME.
GO AWAY!
LOOK, IF WE'RE
GONNA BE PARTNERS,
YOU NEED TO STOP
BEING SO UPTIGHT!
YOU'RE NOT REAL! GET LOST!
GET LOST?
FUNNY YOU SHOULD
SAY THAT.
YOU KNOW, I HAVE
TWO BROTHERS
WHO ARE LOST!
WE REALLY OUGHT
TO FIND THEM
FOR OUR DECK!
QUIET!
YOU KNOW, NEVER MIND.
THAT WAS THE WRONG CARD.
TAKE THIS.
SURE. WHATEVER YOU
SAY! I REALLY APPRECIATE
THIS, MISTER.
THE NAME'S
CHAZZ PRINCETON.
AND DON'T YOU
FORGET IT.
ACTUALLY,
ON SECOND THOUGHT,
DO FORGET IT.
I'D RATHER NOT HAVE
PEOPLE ASSOCIATE
ME WITH YOU.
NOW GO AHEAD
AND GET INSIDE.
THE CHAZZ LIKES TO MAKE
HIS OWN ENTRANCE.
OH, YES, CERTAINLY!
WELL, THANKS AGAIN!
THANKS FOR NOTHING.
I REALLY ONLY
FOUND 40 CARDS.
NOW I'M ONE SHORT.
HA HA!
I ALWAYS KNEW YOU
WERE A NICE GUY.
SHUT IT!
AND WHEN YOU DO
SOMETHING NICE,
NICE THINGS HAPPEN!
ALL RIGHT,
OPEN THE DOOR!
I GOT YOUR 40 CARDS
RIGHT HERE!
THIS IS IT?
NORTH ACADEMY?
WHAT A DUMP.
HEY, BALDY, YOU OK?
WHAT HAPPENED?
[MAN CHUCKLES]
YOU GOT THE NORTH ACADEMY
WELCOME IS WHAT HAPPENED.
AND NOW IT'S YOUR TURN.
THINK THAT YOU'RE UP
TO THE CHALLENGE, NEW GUY?
DO YA?
WHO ARE YOU?
I'M THE GUY WHO RUNS
THINGS AROUND HERE.
THEY CALL ME THE CZAR.
YOUR FRIEND JUST
WENT THROUGH OUR
LITTLE HAZING RITUAL:
THE 50-MAN DUEL GAUNTLET.
FIFTY MAN WHAT'S-IT?
DUEL GAUNTLET.
IT'S HOW WE RANK STUDENTS
AROUND HERE.
WHY DON'T YOU
GO AHEAD AND TELL HIM
HOW IT WORKS, KYLE?
SEE, YOU
GOTTA DUEL
50 STUDENTS.
YEAH,
YOU START WITH
THE LOWEST-RANKED,
AND YOU
WORK YOUR WAY UP.
WHEN YOU
LOSE, THAT'S
YOUR RANK.
UNLESS YOU
DON'T LOSE.
THEN YOU DUEL ME--
NUMBER 50!
BUT EVERYBODY LOSES,
LIKE YOUR
FRIEND HERE!
HE LOST THE VERY
FIRST MATCH HE HAD.
GUESS WHO'S
ON LATRINE
DUTY NOW?
SO I HAVE TO WIN 50 TIMES
AND THAT'S IT?
EASIER SAID
THAN DONE, ROOKIE!
THE NAME IS CHAZZ,
CHAZZ PRINCETON.
AND SOON, YOUR CZAR
WILL FALL!
AND THEN THE PRINCETON
WILL RISE!
GO LIMITER REMOVAL!
NOW, DES SCISSORS,
ATTACK WITH TOXIC HAZE!
AAH!
YOU GO BYE-BYE.
ALL RIGHT,
MY TURN NOW!
UH!
OOF!
AAH!
SO WHAT?
BEATING THOSE
AMATEURS DOESN'T
PROVE A THING.
YOU STILL HAVE TO GET
THROUGH THE FOUR OF US.
ONLY THEN CAN
YOU DUEL THE CZAR.
DUEL EACH ONE OF YOU?
THAT'LL TAKE TOO LONG.
HOW ABOUT I TAKE YOU
ALL ON AT ONCE!
All: YOU'RE ON!
DUEL!
MY TURN!
COME ON OUT,
MARAUDING CAPTAIN!
AND I'M NOT DONE YET!
WHEN THIS MONSTER CARD IS
SUMMONED TO THE FIELD,
I'M ALLOWED
TO SUMMON ANOTHER
WARRIOR-TYPE MONSTER!
AND I'LL PLAY
ANOTHER MARAUDING CAPTAIN!
HYAH!
AND SO WILL I!
ME, TOO!
SAME WITH ME!
[BOY CHEERS]
OH, AND IN CASE
YOU'VE FORGOTTEN,
ROOKIE,
WHEN THERE ARE TWO OR
MORE CAPTAINS ON THE FIELD,
YOU CAN'T ATTACK
ANY OF THEM!
NAH, HE DIDN'T
FORGET THAT,
BECAUSE HE
PROBABLY NEVER
EVEN KNEW IT IN
THE FIRST PLACE!
HA! GOOD POINT!
AND NOW, HE'LL
SUFFER FOR IT!
PLEASE. THE ONLY
WAY YOU SCRUBS
COULD MAKE ME SUFFER
IS TO KEEP BLABBING
LIKE YOU ARE.
MY TURN!
I'LL PLAY TWO FACE-DOWNS
AND ONE GIANT RAT
IN DEFENSE MODE.
ALL YOU'RE THROWING IS
AN OVERGROWN RODENT?!
WHAT A JOKE!
PERHAPS, AFTER ALL,
HE IS A WEAKER CARD.
ONE THAT
THE OLD CHAZZ
WOULD NEVER
HAVE HAD
IN HIS DECK.
BUT I LEARNED
SOMETHING SINCE
I ARRIVED HERE.
I LEARNED THAT LIFE
DEALS YOU ALL
KINDS OF CARDS.
AND SOMETIMES,
YOU HAVE TO MAKE
THE BEST
OUT OF WHAT YOU GOT.
AH, THAT'S
SO NICE OF
YOU, BOSS.
YOU'RE TALKING
ABOUT ME, HUH?
ACTUALLY, I WASN'T.
YOU'RE STILL JUST
AS ANNOYING AND REVOLTING
AND NON-EXISTENT AS EVER!
GOT IT?
YOU'RE A DISGUSTING,
LITTLE YELLOW GREMLIN!
AND I DON'T LIKE YOU,
SO QUIT BUGGING ME!
DISGUSTING MAYBE,
BUT LITTLE AND YELLOW?
GET YOUR EYES CHECKED.
NOW BACK TO THE DUEL.
I PLAY THE ALLIED FORCES!
IT ALLOWS ALL
WARRIOR-TYPE MONSTERS
TO GAIN 200 ATTACK POINTS
FOR EACH WARRIOR-TYPE
MONSTER OUT
ON THE FIELD,
WHICH MEANS
MARAUDING CAPTAIN
NOW HAS 2,800
ATTACK POINTS.
NOW GO!
SMASH THAT RAT!
HE'S DEFENSELESS!
CHARGE IN, MEN!
SORRY, BUT I PLAY
MY RAT'S ABILITY!
IT LETS ME SUMMON
AN EARTH-ATTRIBUTE
MONSTER
WITH 1,500 OR FEWER
ATTACK POINTS!
SO COME ON OUT,
GYAKU-GIRE PANDA!
[GROWLING]
LOOK AT THE BIG
TEDDY BEAR. HOW CUDDLY!
YOU MAY NOT
THINK SO
AFTER THIS!
I PLAY PANDA'S
ABILITY.
FOR EVERY MONSTER
ON YOUR FIELD,
HE GAINS 500
ATTACK POINTS!
NOT SO
CUDDLY NOW, IS HE?
AND NEXT I'M GOING
TO ACTIVATE A TRAP--
RING OF DESTRUCTION.
THIS TRAP DESTROYS
ONE MONSTER,
AND THEN ALL PLAYERS
TAKE DAMAGE EQUAL
TO THAT MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS!
BUT WHY?
WE'LL ALL JUST END UP
WITH ZERO LIFE POINTS?
I WON'T, BECAUSE I HAVE
RING OF DEFENSE!
THIS SPELL CARD PROTECTS
ME FROM ALL DAMAGE!
YOU GO BYE-BYE.
ALL RIGHT, GRANNY,
OUT OF THE ROCKER!
YOU'RE UP!
YEAH, AND YOU'RE
GOING DOWN,
BECAUSE
NOW IT'S THE CZAR
AGAINST THE PRINCETON
AND THERE AIN'T
NO WAY I'M GONNA GET
SHOVED OFF MY THRONE
BY YOU!
GET READY FOR
A BATTLE ROYAL!
Together: DUEL!
ME FIRST.
AND I'M GOING
TO ACTIVATE TWO COPIES
OF FIEND'S SANCTUARY.
NOW I GET TWO
METAL FIEND TOKENS.
BUT, LIKE YOU, THEY
WON'T BE STAYING LONG.
I SACRIFICE THEM
AND SUMMON ZOA!
NEXT, I'LL PLACE
TWO FACEDOWNS
AND END MY TURN.
HA! ALREADY MY SIDE
OF THE FIELD'S STACKED!
SEE HOW IT'S DIFFERENT
WITH THE CZAR!
BUT IT'LL END
THE SAME! MY TURN!
AW, YOU AGAIN?
NICE TO SEE
YOU, TOO!
NEED ME TO FIGHT
A MONSTER FOR YA?
LET'S DO IT!
WHOA. NEVER MIND.
YOU KNOW, I THINK
I FINALLY FOUND A WAY
TO GET RID OF YOU.
I PLAY OJAMA YELLOW!
NO! PLEASE!
ANYONE BUT ME!
THEN I'LL TOSS
TWO FACEDOWNS
AND END MY TURN.
HA HA HA! TIME OUT!
SOME GARBAGE HAS
BLOWN ONTO THE FIELD.
OH, WAIT. I'M SORRY.
THAT'S JUST YOUR MONSTER.
OH, WELL, HE'S GOING
TO BE TRASHED ANYWAY.
I PLAY THE TRAP CARD
METALMORPH!
AND I'LL EQUIP IT TO ZOA!
AND NOW I'M GOING
TO SACRIFICE ZOA,
SO I CAN SUMMON
SOMETHING EVEN BETTER!
THE FEROCIOUS METALZOA!
AAH!
AND NEXT I'M
GOING TO ACTIVATE
ANOTHER TRAP CARD--
CALL OF THE HAUNTED!
NOW I CAN BRING BACK ONE
MONSTER FROM MY GRAVEYARD.
AND I'LL BRING BACK
REGULAR ZOA!
[GROWLS]
BOY, OH, BOY.
TWO MONSTERS WITH
2,600 AND 3,000
ATTACK POINTS?
WHAT ON EARTH ARE
YOU GONNA DO, CHAZZ?
EASY. I'M GONNA WIN.
YA KNOW, TALKING
TO YOURSELF IS
PRETTY CRAZY AS IT IS,
BUT THINKING
YOU'RE GOING TO WIN?
EVEN CRAZIER.
KNOW WHY?!
'CAUSE I JUST WATCHED YOU
DUEL 49 TIMES.
I KNOW YOUR DECK!
AND I KNOW YOU DON'T
HAVE ONE MONSTER
AS STRONG AS THESE!
Thinking: MAYBE,
BUT I KNOW HOW TO MAKE
THE BEST OUT OF
WHAT I GOT.
ALL RIGHT, ZOA, ATTACK!
GLIMMER STRIKE!
[GROWLING]
[SCREAMING]
AND NOW THAT HE'S
BEEN TAKEN CARE OF,
METALZOA'S GOING TO
TAKE CARE OF YOU!
HARDENED GLIMMER STRIKE!
A PRINCE'S PLACE IS
AT THE HEEL OF THE CZAR,
AND THAT IS JUST
WHERE I'M GOING TO PUT YOU.
YEAH, DON'T BET
ON IT.
SEE, I WAS
WAITING FOR YOU
TO ATTACK ME
SO I COULD PLAY
INFERNO TEMPEST!
WITH THIS CARD,
WHEN I TAKE 3,000 OR
MORE POINTS OF DAMAGE,
ALL MONSTERS IN BOTH
OUR GRAVEYARDS AND DECKS
ARE TAKEN OUT OF PLAY.
WHY WOULD YOU DO THAT?
WHAT ARE YOU PLANNING?!
IF YOU KNOW
MY DECK AS WELL AS
YOU SAY YOU DO,
THEN I'M SURE
YOU KNOW.
AND YOU KNOW THAT
YOUR REIGN AS CZAR
IS COMING TO AN END.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
I HAVE TWO MONSTERS OUT!
YOU HAVE NONE!
AND NOW YOU DON'T
EVEN HAVE ANY IN YOUR
DECK. YOU'VE LOST!
MY REIGN'S NOT OVER.
IT'S NEVER BEEN STRONGER!
YOU'RE ABOUT TO LOSE!
OH, AM I?
WE'LL SEE HERE!
ALL RIGHT.
NOW, CZAR, YOU,
MY FRIEND,
ARE ABOUT TO GET
ROYALLY CROWNED
AND NOT IN
A GOOD WAY!
I PLAY THE SPELL
CHAOS END!
WH-WHAT'S GOING ON?
WELL, THAT'S THE MAGIC
OF CHAOS END--
WHEN 7 OR MORE CARDS ARE
REMOVED FROM THE GAME,
CHAOS END DESTROYS
EVERY MONSTERS
ON YOUR FIELD!
NO WAY.
AND NOW I'LL PLAY
A TRAP THAT'S A BLAST
FROM THE PAST--
RETURN FROM
THE DIFFERENT
DIMENSION.
BY PAYING HALF
MY LIFE POINTS,
THE MONSTERS
I REMOVED FROM PLAY
ARE ALLOWED TO BE
BROUGHT BACK AND
SUMMONED TO THE FIELD--
EVERY LAST ONE OF THEM!
NOW, COME ON BACK,
EVERYONE!
HEY, THANKS, BOSS!
I MEANT EVERYONE,
EXCEPT YOU.
[CRYING]
NO, WAIT! STOP!
STOP? I DON'T
THINK SO.
NOW, GIVE THE CZAR
A KING-SIZED
CLOBBERING!
AAH!
YOU GO BYE-BYE!
WELL-DONE.
YOU'VE EARNED THE RIGHT
TO BE CALLED THE BEST.
IT'S YOU--THE GUY
WHO RESCUED ME!
BUT HOW'D YOU GET
IN TO THE SCHOOL?
WHY, YOU LET ME
IN, OF COURSE.
HUH? WAIT.
NOW YOU'RE
THE BALD GUY?
I'M THIS SCHOOL'S
CHANCELLOR.
THE NAME'S FOSTER.
AND THE CAMP OUTSIDE,
THAT SUB OUT AT SEA,
IT WAS ALL JUST TO GET
TO YOU, YOUNG DUELIST.
TO ME? WHAT FOR?
BECAUSE YOU HAVE
A GIFT, CHAZZ.
AND I SENSED IT
AS SOON AS YOU HANDLED
THAT OJAMA YELLOW CARD.
I HATE
THAT STINKING CARD!
YOU MIGHT NOW,
BUT YOU'LL LEARN.
HOPEFULLY IN TIME
FOR THE SCHOOL DUEL.
YOU SEE, CHAZZ, YOU'RE
NOW THE BEST DUELIST
AT NORTH ACADEMY.
THAT MEANS YOU
WILL BE OUR REPRESENTATIVE
IN THE SCHOOL DUEL.
SO I'M GOING UP
AGAINST SOMEONE
FROM DUEL ACADEMY?
THAT'S RIGHT.
WE HAD CHOSEN CZAR
AT FIRST,
BUT CLEARLY HE'S NOT
NEARLY AS GOOD AS YOU ARE.
BESIDES, TO TELL
YOU THE TRUTH, I NEVER
REALLY LIKE HIM.
Chazz:
I DON'T BLAME YOU.
I MEAN, WHAT
KIND OF DUELIST SITS
IN A ROCKING CHAIR?
IT DOESN'T MATTER.
YOU'RE THE TOP
DUELIST NOW.
IT'S TO YOU
THE SCHOOL BOWS.
SO WHO'S THE UNLUCKY
PUNK I'M DUELING?
WHO? THE ONE
I PROMISED YOU.
THE ONE CALLED
JADEN YUKI.
JADEN? YOU'VE GOT
TO BE KIDDING.
NO. THIS IS YOUR
CHANCE FOR REVENGE.
REVENGE! HEH HEH.
I CAN'T WAIT!
I'M GOING TO BEAT HIM
SO BAD, HE'S NEVER GONNA
WANT TO DUEL AGAIN!
[CACKLING]